the key gt all the time and are paulo your gabiente of rio grande do sul
the personal score
after the ones presented here
now having two parties and civilians we had and calculating
within two years two friends it also the brent that is difficult to predict
who taxes conviction what it is that the fest is that pulls more of the person is that
with this pressure of the movements
musical attraction 40 years and how it is
so full of dance there is a rhythm
but the pcp requires the same more resistance because
is something faster a work with the legs very fast so I have a lot
resistance but and vdd in the month the movements of legs and according to
music
another program that claims nothing
it is instinctive
this attempt that the music decided but not everything that she passed from the part of the
late being when you'll try the dose to make
to portugal my move the person who would have to leave
so requires it
is already finished steps in with the enemy requests since you have
on here
the figure of the most
or not depends on the presentation in the person's direction
goes from the same person some people already have some things ready already paid
introduce yourself
others there at the moment also depends a lot on the song music counts a lot is
longer term to everton and quitanda of bananal river
in the case of Teresina around here
despite catching everyone keeps organizing microphone for him four
my names
and then how are things going? All other groups will introduce themselves today.
for boys to italy selection
ah I think due to think it will be about a month
nanda galegas in each day of a year a person only yesterday the pair nuno gomes no
the last time the pair said they doubled and this time we will do
individual 'at the moment and here three not very advanced and not the
resorts of thirty groups here is really liz station more where the
reggae for the rigor pagoulatos pagot and did peta cláudio duarte how is it
complicated to play here who would then have to resell them is also also
huh
I said that I have this time with presentation of each person
this name babe
thirty seconds for each
each block presents itself in the park
mixed
It cost you black soup oil soup on you jurors
We do a presentation, yes.
they too
after the taboo that the skin of works and you here
the opinion mestrinel saltareli the people to us deita will everybody do
equal
they first
Doubt is so
in the pan of Mora river
let's jump out of the explosion
ferreira
clearest ram more boring br the lifter only now game reiterated the
not having me
49 year old man
the fire
there I told the players that they want the expected
the goalkeeper felipe this new round of the Brazilian to piglet to all that
They are here with us on the river.
and also
quark a gal here from teresina is not
carmem de saddam hussein a year is the case cadet garibalde crazy so no
is champion gabrielle with the german brigade as of april aboul ghar
awake
he admits that it will be this story where he tells us in the name of support
to that team
he go back on ebay
As with your afternoon
he defended yes and tomorrow in the free euphoria
the military circle
authors o mp predicts popular action first review
our side mesh good luck to you legacy of debt rules pib to spare
of skin olga was detected leaks are paulo good morning for all of us